---
title: Hi, hello
date: "2020-02-15T22:40:32.169Z"
template: "post"
draft: true
slug: "hi-hello"
category: "welcome"
tags:
  - "web-development"
  - "about-me"
description: "An introduction to what may or may not be a blog"
socialImage: "/media/rock-creek-lake.jpg"
---

Welcome! I'm glad you're here.

### A little about me

You can read about me on my [about page](/pages/about), but for this blog's(?) inaugural post, here's a more personal intro.

My name is Rebecca. I grew up in small, woodsy town in New Jersey, went to college in Philadelphia, and have spent the past six years in Los Angeles. For the past two years, I've worked as an Information Management Engineer at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. My path to get there was bumpy at times and far from linear, but I'm thankful that it happened that way. I learned a lot from for working minimum wage, from customer service, and from making ice cream, and all of those experiences have served me in ways I never would have expected.

Having earned my MLIS with the intention of becoming a librarian, my current job is also not quite what I expected. It's challenging, sometimes frustrating, but also fulfilling. I work with the best people. I am fascinated by the puzzle of how to capture, organize, and future-proof information in a place as complex and idiosyncratic as JPL. In a fairly non-technical role in a technical place, I've become aware of both the gaps in my knowledge and my unique skills and perspective. This has been a catalyst for my desire to expand my skillset. Not quite ready to build a rover yet, but hey, I made a website!

Outside of work, I enjoy activities that allow me to think about my work in a new way, to think about something else, or to not think at all. I love hiking in and around LA, and exploring the incredible mountains and deserts of California. I'm a lapsed runner and a sometimes-yogi. I like reading, and while I resisted getting a Kindle for years, I've read more in the year and half since I've purchased one than I had for a long while before, largely thanks to  [LAPL's](https://www.lapl.org/) vast collection of ebooks. I eat mostly plant-based and love cooking, baking, and experimenting with fermented foods. I like my coffee black and my chocolate as dark as possible. I'm afraid of heights, and honestly, lots of other things, but that just gives me more chances to be brave.

### About this site

This site was built using the gatsby starter [gatsby-starter-lumen](https://github.com/alxshelepenok/gatsby-starter-lumen) and was deployed on Netlify. It has been, and continues to be, a process. I'm learning to code in bits and pieces, and often bite off more than I can chew. Lacking the patience to read the docs, I instead tend tojust hack away and break things until they work how I'd like them to, to varying degrees of success. I'm working on that patience thing.

My original intention to have a simple personal and professional website, and to use that project as an opportunity to learn some web development skills. Beyond some about and contact info, I'm still not sure what I need here. I actually tried to remove the blog feed entirely and set my about page as the index, but failed miserably and gave up (for now), so hi, hello, here's a blog post. I'd like to use this site to showcase new digital projects when I have them, and maybe I'll give the writing thing a shot after all, and try to develop my voice as well as my technical savvy.

Until then, welcome! Feel free to send tips, (constructive) criticism, and hellos through my [contact page](/pages/contact).
